# How Much Are You Expecting to Get From Your Airbnb Listing in the Beijing Market?

As the sharing lodging and hospitality economy boomed since 2014, one of the most important goals on Airbnb hosts' and Airbnb platform operators' mind is to improve transaction activities and listing revenues. Based on the Airbnb listing data in the market of Beijing, China from an open-source Airbnb data collection platform, *Inside Airbnb* (http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data.html) (as of October 16, 2018), this project focuses on building an optimal model for accurately predicting the monthly revenue of a listing in the Chinese market given the features of the listing, by training, cross-validation, evaluation & selection of a variety of machine learning algorithms. The project is intended to provide a tool for Airbnb hosts and related stakeholders to have a better understanding of what makes a sufficiently revenue-generating listing, and further, possible actions to attune the original characteristics of the listing to make more money out of it.

This project mainly contains a two-stage process. The study starts with different aspects of data exploration (data visualization & insights using Python seaborn, matplotlib libraries etc.) and preprocessing. Given the observation that most of the listings in the dataset actually did not consistenly make money at all, in the first stage, the objective is to predict whether an Airbnb listing would have any revenue or not in the Beijing market, applying various classification models such as logistic regression, Naïve Bayes, neural network & more; then based on those listing predicted to make money, we employ a multitude of regression predictive models, including linear regression, regression tree, ensembles (bagging, boosting, stacking) models etc., to estimate how much revenue the host can be expecting to make from the listing. The performances of models are compared to constant models and/or random guess ones as benchmarks. We choose to use accuracy as the model evaluation metric for the first stage, and MSPE (Mean Squared Percentage Error) as the customized metric for the second one in this project. The issue of balance of underfitting & overfitting has been taken into consideration throughout the training & evaluation process. Finally, the application of the best models is illustrated through the usage of an interactive widget interface for the users (Airbnb hosts & more) in Jupyter Notebook; the users can get a clearer sense of how much they may earn from their house listing in its current condition, and how they could potentially do to improve the revenue, by conveniently sliding through the bar ranges and/or choosing appropriate options on the widget then.

